README.md, before:

# WB Monte Carlo Trajectory Simulation
MATLAB Simulation Using Latin Hypercube Sampling Method To Compute A Trajectory Distribution

### Note
Unlike the euler implementation, the quaternion implementation in the `src/quaternion` folder will not break as the launch angle approaches 90 degrees.

### Usage
1. Follow the template `resources/spaceshot_cd_data_template.csv` to create a file called `resources/spaceshot_cd_data.csv` with appropriate values. Tip: RASAero II makes this easy to do. For the column named `distribution type` use:
    - `0` for normal distribution. `max value` column value should be the value for the 99.85% interval. Similarily, `min value` column value should be the value for the 0.15% interval.
    - `1` for uniform distribution. For a uniform distribution of `a` to `b`, `max value` column value should correspond to `b` and `min value` should correspond to `a`.
2. Follow the template `resources/rocket_specs_template.csv` to create a file called `resources/rocket_specs.csv` with appropriate values.
3. Running `MCLandingDispersion.m` will run the simulation for a default of 10000 times.
4. The landing points value will be stored in `output/landing_points.csv` once all the iterations have been run.

### Tests
Unit tests can be run using the `src/quaternion/RunTests.m` file.

### Looking for Launch Stability Content? 
Link is [here](https://github.com/Ivan-Bao/WB-Dynamics/tree/main)
but will be later moved as a seperate project with a seperate repository

Commit message:

Feat: Read Rocket Parameters From File Instead Of Hard Code

README.md, after:

# WB Monte Carlo Trajectory Simulation
MATLAB Simulation Using Latin Hypercube Sampling Method To Compute A Trajectory Distribution

### Usage
1. Follow the template `input/template.csv` to create a file called `input/input.csv` and fill in the `Value` column withe the appropriate values. The units are listed in the column `Units`. Tip: Easy way to create the new file is running `cp input/template.csv input/input.csv` in the root directory of this project.
2. Running `src/run_nominal_trajectory.m` will run the simulation once with no variation of input variables. Running `src/run_monte_carlo` will run the simulation multiple times with variations in input variables.
3. If running the Monte Carlo simulation, the output values will be stored in `output/output.csv`.

### Tests
Test suite can be run using the `tests/run_tests.m` file. Make sure that after making any changes, run the tests to see if they still pass. Sometimes if the function is significantly updated, the respective test suite may need to be updated too.

### Looking for Launch Stability Content? 
Link is [here](https://github.com/Ivan-Bao/WB-Dynamics/tree/main)
but will be later moved as a seperate project with a seperate repository
